2016.2:
 * Version 4.2 (Rev. 1)
 * Updated the Tandem with Field Updates example design scripts to handle IP core containers where the output products were not generated.
 * Simplify falling edge receiver detect DRP logic
 * Added logic to fix an issue in the core where the core left shifts the values of MSIX_CAP_TABLE_OFFSET and MSIX_CAP_PBA_OFFSET parameters for PF0,PF1, VF0-VF5 by 3 bits. The fix right shifts the values by 3 bits so that the implemented value in hardware is same as the one programed during the core configuration (Xilinx Answer - 67111).
 * Added support for defense grade Kintex UltraScale device xqku115
 * Modified the insertion loss profile parameter to provide three options Chip-to-Chip(5db), Add-in_Card(15db) and Backplane(20db). Core operates in LPM mode for the values < 15db and DFE mode for the values >= 15db.
 * Fixed GT DRP Clock Frequency for 125MHz and 250MHz Refclk Frequency
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 4.2
 * Modified the width of pipe_tx_*_sigs, common_commands_in and common_commands_out
 * Added the startup_fcsbts signal to the IPI startup interface
 * Added constant value for TXRATE and RXRATE pins based on link speed selection in the IP constraint to avoid synthesis and implementation warnings
 * Added support for 'ASPM Option - L1 Supported' and removed 'L0s_L1_Entry Supported' option (Xilinx Answer - 66347)
 * Modified the mapping of logical and physical external pipe interface ports for End Point configurations so that it can be connected to Root Port instance directly
 * Added two new ports to transceiver debug interface section: gt_dmonfiforeset gt_dmonitorclk
 * Fixed issue with the default values of 'Base Class Menu' and 'Sub Class Interface Menu' and the update of 'Class Code' parameter when 'Lookup Assistant' option is used
 * Added support for defense grade kintexu devices - xqku040-rfa1156,xqku040-rba676,xqku060-rfa1156 and xqku095-rfa1156
 * Added clock name for all clocks generated by the IP
 * Fixed falling edge receiver detect DRP logic
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Added support for ffva1156 package for xcku095 device
 * Removed the check on selection of MSI or MSI-X options. Both can be selected at the same time now (Xilinx Answer - 65744)

2015.3:
 * Version 4.1
 * Added support for sfva784 package for xcku035 and xcku040 devices
 * Added support for VCU108 Xilinx Development board
 * Added option to select MSI or MSI-X capability structure
 * Added option to select the Receiver Detect mode (default of Falling Edge)
 * For EXTERNAL PIPE INTERFACE mode, a new file xil_sig2pipe.v is delivered in the simulation directory and it replaces the phy_sig_gen.v. BFM/VIP's should interface with the xil_sig2pipe instance in board.v
 * Added support for new KintexU and VirtexU devices
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances

2015.2.1:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Added support for x8Gen3 configuration for all -1 speed grades
 * Added Tandem and PR over PCIe support for ku035 and vu440 devices
 * Adjusted STARTUP I/O port widths
 * Fixed issue with the location constraints for refclk_bufi for xcvu095-ffvc2104,xcvu190-flga2577 and xcvu125-flvc2104
 * Fixed link train failure during cold reboot (Xilinx Answer Record - 64404)

2015.1:
 * Version 4.0
 * Upgraded GT wizard to 1.5 version.
 * Modified the port width for m_axis_cq_tready and m_axis_rc_tready signals from 22 bits to 1 bit.
 * Non-default ports startup_cfgclk, startup_cfgmclk, startup_di, startup_eos, startup_preq, startup_do, startup_dts, startup_fcsbo, startup_fcdbto, startup_gsr, startup_gts, startup_keyclearb, startup_pack, startup_usrdoneo, startup_usrcclko, startup_usrcclkts, startup_usrdonets to access the STARTUP primitive were added for Tandem configurations where the startup is internal to the core. The mcap_eos_out output was removed.
 * Removed default ports cfg_vend_id, cfg_dev_id, cfg_rev_id and cfg_subsys_id since these signals get the parameter values from Vivado generated synth wrapper.
 * Added a non-default input port gt_txinhibit to the transceiver debug interface.
 * Added support for new packages: flvb1760,ffvd1517,ffvc1517,flva2104,flvd1517 and flvb2104
 * Enabled Tandem and PR over PCIe support for xcku115, xcvu125, xcvu160, and xcvu190.
 * The Tandem PCIe and Tandem PROM selections have been combined into a single Tandem selection. This resulted in minor changes to the RTL, constraints, and mcap_design_switch output behavior.
 * PR over PCIe configurations no longer apply isolation muxing to the PCIe interface. Isolation for PR should be managed in the user design.
 * Added GUI option to select PLL_TYPE for Gen2 Speed: CPLL (Optional) and QPLL1 (Default)
 * Added GUI option to select CORE_CLK_FREQ for Gen3 x1/x2/x4: 250 MHz (Default) and 500 MHz (Optional)
 * Edited Insertion loss default value to 15 db from 20 db.
 * Made GTWIZARD as default for all configurations.
 * Removed CPLL CALibration module for Production devices and for VU095-ES2.
 * Added BUFG_GT_SYNC macro for sys_rst buffer.
 * Added PL_SIM_FAST_LINK_TRAINING parameter in sim wrapper file to speed up simulation.
 * Added bram_req_8k.v (REQUEST) and it has BRAM WE/RE related change.
 * Added support for post synth/implementation netlist functional simulations for Endpoint and Verilog/VHDL only configurations. It is not supported for Rootport configuration and External PIPE mode simulations in this release.
 * Removed the user parameter for 64bit enablement for BAR1 and BAR3.
 * Removed support for 250 MHz user clock/axis for -1LV speedgrade

2014.4.1:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Enabled Tandem PROM and Tandem PCIe support for xcku060 device.
 * Enabled Partial Reconfiguration over PCIe for xcku040, xcku060, and xcvu095.
 * Removed uncontain clock routing constraints for Tandem Configurations. This is now done in SW.
 * Added support for a2104, b2104, c2104, ffvb1760 and flga2577 packages

2014.3:
 * Version 3.1
 * Enabled GT Wizard v1.4 by default
 * Added support for VHDL wrapper
 * Added support for VCU107 Xilinx Reference Board
 * Added support for xcvu190
 * Added mcap enablement support for xcku040 and xcvu095 devices
 * Added new device/package migration mechanism (Refer to the PG156)

2014.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Fixed timing violations with non x0y0 pcie blocks
 * Added support for KintexU devices xcku100 and xcku115
 * Added support for VirtexU devices xcvu080 and xcvu125
 * Disabled the parameters pf0_rbar_capability and pf1_rbar_capability

2014.1:
 * Version 3.0
 * Changed Internal device family name, no functional changes
 * Added Root port configuration support
 * Added IPI support
 * Integrated GT Wizard
 * Added external PIPE Interface support
 * Added shared logic support
 * Added optional transceiver control and status ports
 * Added dynamic module naming to avoid name conflict when multiple cores are generated
 * Enabled multiple PCIe blocks for KintexU and VirtexU devices
 * Added support for industrial speed grade parts
 * Added support to use dedicated system reset routing for the PCIe_X0Y0 hardblock (enabled by default) except for xcvu065 and xcvu095 devices
 * Added a dedicated routing input port and renamed passthrough routing output ports (pcie_perstn* ports)
 * Added support to specify the reset polarity for the sys_reset port (Active Low by default)
 * The default reset polarity has been changed from Active High to Active Low

2013.4:
 * Version 2.0
 * Enabled all EP configurations
 * Enabled Advanced Mode
 * Enabled Xilinx Development Board and added option "KCU105"
 * RP simulation model in the test bench support only for x8Gen3 configuration
 * Removed support for 8KB COMPLETION_SPACE ("good mode") and kept 16KB COMPLETION_SPACE ("extreme mode") as default
 * Updated RAMB constraints to reflect changes made to COMPLETION_SPACE support
 * Changed Silicon Revision to 'ES1'
 * Added "-1 -c" parts and changed all part names to "-es1" from "-ies"

2013.3:
 * Version 1.0
 * Initial release

(c) Copyright 2013 - 2016 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
